hey everyone its Azaria all right so I'm
going on a length challenge for the year
2011 and my challenge is not to use any
heat damaging devices such as blow
dryers or straighteners or anything that
has to do with he um the worst that
probably will do is diffuser on my blow
dryer and that's if I'm wearing a
natural stay and it's cold outside
because it is January right now and I
don't want to catch a cold alright so um
my goal is by the first of January of
two thousand of 12 to have six inches of
hair growth I've been wearing my hair
and protective styles a lot and I've
haven't straightened it since early
December so it's probably been a month
at least of not having any heat on my
hair so we'll just try to get some of my
regular right now it's about eight and a
half nine inches but things are
definitely shorter
eight and a half inches right there as
well
might not be doing this right away
hopefully this technique gets better
over the course I got 10 inches right
there
nine inches we do this one more time
and my hair is still in its natural
state I just did my ruler set so I got
nine and a half inches with that one so
it's probably it might be a little bit
longer because it's not bone straight
that's what we're going to go with for
now I just want to give you some of the
tips that i will be using for this month
um some of my favorite products that i
love to use is kinky curly as you guys
know i would love their shampoo it's
called come clean and um it's it gets
the job done and it's sulfite free and
its pH balance and it adds shine and
moisture and it just really light it
smells good it gets the job done without
stripping your hair entire week and then
who doesn't love kinky curlies not today
so it's a very moisturizing conditioner
and it makes it so easy to come out my
hair and they'll at least um and just
really softened actually Kim a um has
she makes her own leave-in conditioner
in the base of it that she uses is not
today so that's what I also use and so I
use this I'll hopefully put a link um
it's make it yourself do it on your own
um hair accessories are the key I love
the French rolls where you just take it
to the side and just roll it straight up
and I usually tuck in my top but my hair
is getting really long so the top when I
tuck it in it's like this huge like
mound so to stop doing that as much and
I've gone to the side twist ones which I
love I'm just kind of doing it right now
but um I'll do both sides all stop from
the front of wrap it all the way around
I'm they're just good protective
hairstyles so I'm hoping for a half an
inch of hair growth a month my hair it
goes pretty fast so hopefully i will do
a length check maybe every four months
when i'm supposed to have two inches of
hair growth and we'll see how it goes
and so right now my hair is on my
collarbone I took 16 inches too that'd
be about right here so if i can get my
hair there i will be a happy camper um
and as possible my hair used to be like
that before i got the relaxer so wish a
lot thanks
member